8_Packing/2_scripts/8.2.1_core_script_marp_prompt.md, before:

# Create an Animated Marp Presentation with Emojis

## Objective
Create an engaging Marp presentation about SonarQube with animations and emojis.

## Technical Requirements
1. Use Marp's built-in features for:
   - Slide transitions
   - CSS animations
   - Emoji support
   - Custom styling

## Structure
1. Create a new file with `.md` extension
2. Add the following frontmatter:

```yaml
---
marp: true
theme: default
paginate: true
style: |
  section {
    font-size: 1.5em;
  }
  h1 {
    font-size: 2em;
    color: #1a73e8;
  }
  h2 {
    font-size: 1.8em;
    color: #34a853;
  }
  h3 {
    font-size: 1.6em;
    color: #ea4335;
  }
  .emoji {
    font-size: 1.2em;
  }
  .fade {
    animation: fadeIn 1s ease-in;
  }
  @keyframes fadeIn {
    from { opacity: 0; }
    to { opacity: 1; }
  }
  .slide-up {
    animation: slideUp 0.5s ease-out;
  }
  @keyframes slideUp {
    from { transform: translateY(20px); opacity: 0; }
    to { transform: translateY(0); opacity: 1; }
  }
---
```

## Slide Structure
1. Title Slide:
   - Use `<!-- _class: lead fade -->` for fade animation
   - Include main title with rocket emoji ��

2. Content Slides:
   - Use `<!-- _class: slide-up -->` for list animations
   - Add relevant emojis to each bullet point
   - Keep content concise and impactful

## Emoji Guidelines
- Use contextually relevant emojis
- Maintain consistency in emoji usage
- Common emojis to include:
  - 🚀 for progress/launch
  - 🎯 for goals/objectives
  - 🔍 for analysis
  - 🛠️ for tools/implementation
  - 📚 for learning
  - 🤝 for collaboration

## Animation Guidelines
1. Title Slides:
   - Use fade animation
   - Apply to entire slide

2. Content Slides:
   - Use slide-up animation
   - Apply to bullet points
   - Keep animations subtle and professional

## Content Organization
1. Introduction
2. Course Overview
3. Objectives
4. Platform Features
5. Benefits
6. Getting Started
7. Collaboration
8. Conclusion

## Best Practices
1. Keep slides clean and uncluttered
2. Use consistent formatting
3. Ensure animations enhance rather than distract
4. Maintain professional appearance
5. Use emojis purposefully

## Example Slide Structure
```markdown
<!-- _class: lead fade -->
# 🚀 Introduction to SonarQube

---

# 🎯 Course Overview

<!-- _class: slide-up -->
- 🔄 **Connecting the dots** in software development
- 🎯 Catching issues early
- 💰 Managing **technical debt**
- 🏗️ Building high-quality software
```

## Testing
1. Preview the presentation in a Marp-compatible viewer
2. Check animations work smoothly
3. Verify emoji rendering
4. Ensure consistent styling
5. Test on different devices/screens

## Additional Tips
1. Use `<!-- _class: lead -->` for full-screen slides
2. Keep bullet points concise
3. Use bold text for emphasis
4. Maintain consistent spacing
5. Test animations on different devices

This prompt will help create a professional, engaging, and well-structured Marp presentation with animations and emojis.

---

@8.2.1_core_script.md create a marp from  PAGE ID 002 section and append to the @8.2.1_core_script_marp.md 


---

do it for the next page and include the page id as seperator

---

include the script for the instructor on every page > make a script  section at the bottom > include aa friendly script

---

make sure the script is at the bottom and easier for editors to cut out.

---
leave the right bottom to the aroll ftooage to be displayed make sure there is no text at right bottom other than script. 

---
rearrange the slides
- right top for a picture 
- right bottom for a roll
- left top for the subject
- left bottom for the lowerthird symbols animated for each dublicate if necessary
- Page numbers right bottom
- bottom for actor friendly script

---

Commit message:

Enhance core script layout and content by adding new sections for picture ideas and screencapture suggestions, and update CSS for improved styling and positioning of elements.

8_Packing/2_scripts/8.2.1_core_script_marp_prompt.md, after:

# Create an Animated Marp Presentation with Emojis

## Objective
Create an engaging Marp presentation about SonarQube with animations and emojis.

## Technical Requirements
1. Use Marp's built-in features for:
   - Slide transitions
   - CSS animations
   - Emoji support
   - Custom styling

## Structure
1. Create a new file with `.md` extension
2. Add the following frontmatter:

```yaml
---
marp: true
theme: default
paginate: true
style: |
  section {
    font-size: 1.5em;
  }
  h1 {
    font-size: 2em;
    color: #1a73e8;
  }
  h2 {
    font-size: 1.8em;
    color: #34a853;
  }
  h3 {
    font-size: 1.6em;
    color: #ea4335;
  }
  .emoji {
    font-size: 1.2em;
  }
  .fade {
    animation: fadeIn 1s ease-in;
  }
  @keyframes fadeIn {
    from { opacity: 0; }
    to { opacity: 1; }
  }
  .slide-up {
    animation: slideUp 0.5s ease-out;
  }
  @keyframes slideUp {
    from { transform: translateY(20px); opacity: 0; }
    to { transform: translateY(0); opacity: 1; }
  }
---
```

## Slide Structure
1. Title Slide:
   - Use `<!-- _class: lead fade -->` for fade animation
   - Include main title with rocket emoji ��

2. Content Slides:
   - Use `<!-- _class: slide-up -->` for list animations
   - Add relevant emojis to each bullet point
   - Keep content concise and impactful

## Emoji Guidelines
- Use contextually relevant emojis
- Maintain consistency in emoji usage
- Common emojis to include:
  - 🚀 for progress/launch
  - 🎯 for goals/objectives
  - 🔍 for analysis
  - 🛠️ for tools/implementation
  - 📚 for learning
  - 🤝 for collaboration

## Animation Guidelines
1. Title Slides:
   - Use fade animation
   - Apply to entire slide

2. Content Slides:
   - Use slide-up animation
   - Apply to bullet points
   - Keep animations subtle and professional

## Content Organization
1. Introduction
2. Course Overview
3. Objectives
4. Platform Features
5. Benefits
6. Getting Started
7. Collaboration
8. Conclusion

## Best Practices
1. Keep slides clean and uncluttered
2. Use consistent formatting
3. Ensure animations enhance rather than distract
4. Maintain professional appearance
5. Use emojis purposefully

## Example Slide Structure
```markdown
<!-- _class: lead fade -->
# 🚀 Introduction to SonarQube

---

# 🎯 Course Overview

<!-- _class: slide-up -->
- 🔄 **Connecting the dots** in software development
- 🎯 Catching issues early
- 💰 Managing **technical debt**
- 🏗️ Building high-quality software
```

## Testing
1. Preview the presentation in a Marp-compatible viewer
2. Check animations work smoothly
3. Verify emoji rendering
4. Ensure consistent styling
5. Test on different devices/screens

## Additional Tips
1. Use `<!-- _class: lead -->` for full-screen slides
2. Keep bullet points concise
3. Use bold text for emphasis
4. Maintain consistent spacing
5. Test animations on different devices

This prompt will help create a professional, engaging, and well-structured Marp presentation with animations and emojis.

---

@8.2.1_core_script.md create a marp from  PAGE ID 002 section and append to the @8.2.1_core_script_marp.md 


---

do it for the next page and include the page id as seperator

---

include the script for the instructor on every page > make a script  section at the bottom > include aa friendly script

---

make sure the script is at the bottom and easier for editors to cut out.

---
leave the right bottom to the aroll ftooage to be displayed make sure there is no text at right bottom other than script. 

---
rearrange the slides
- right top for a picture and the idea for the picture 
- right bottom for a roll
- left top for the subject
- left bottom for the lowerthird symbols animated for each dublicate if necessary
- Page numbers right bottom
- bottom for actor friendly script
- bottom for an idea for a screencapture to demostrate

---
