8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.14.1_Lesson1_Shot_list.md, before:

# Learning objective 1

```yaml
- intro:
    learning_item_title: "Introduction to SonarQube"
    video_format: "Talking Head"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Understand the purpose and benefits of SonarQube for code quality analysis"
    high_level_description: "Welcome to the course, overview of SonarQube capabilities, and what you'll learn about static code analysis and quality gates"
    est_time: "3 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarQube Official Documentation"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/"
        description: "Official guide covering all aspects of SonarQube"

- video_1:
    learning_item_title: "Setting Up Your SonarQube Environment"
    video_format: "Slides"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Configure a local SonarQube instance using Docker"
    high_level_description: "Step-by-step guide to installing SonarQube server, understanding the web interface, and basic configuration"
    est_time: "7 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "Docker-Compose for SonarQube"
        url: "https://github.com/SonarSource/docker-sonarqube"
        description: "Production-ready YAML configuration for SonarQube"
      - name: "System Requirements"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/requirements/requirements/"
        description: "Hardware and software requirements for SonarQube"

- video_2:
    learning_item_title: "Understanding Code Quality Metrics"
    video_format: "Slides"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Interpret SonarQube analysis results and quality gates"
    high_level_description: "Key metrics like bugs, vulnerabilities, code smells, coverage, and duplications explained with examples"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "About Quality Gates"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/quality-gates/"
        description: "How to define pass/fail criteria for your projects"

- hands_on_learning_1:
    learning_item_title: "Your First Project Analysis"
    video_format: "Screen Sharing"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Perform a complete code analysis from setup to results"
    high_level_description: "Practical walkthrough of analyzing a sample project, interpreting the dashboard, and addressing issues"
    est_time: "20 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarScanner Guide"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner/"
        description: "Detailed scanning instructions for various project types"

- video_3:
    learning_item_title: "Integrating with CI/CD Pipelines"
    video_format: "Slides + Screen Sharing"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Automate code quality checks in your development workflow"
    high_level_description: "Configuring SonarQube with GitHub Actions, Jenkins, and other CI tools using YAML configurations"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "GitHub Actions Integration"
        url: "https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/github-actions/"
        description: "Official GitHub Actions YAML templates"

- hands_on_learning_2:
    learning_item_title: "Customizing Quality Profiles"
    video_format: "Screen Sharing"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Create and manage custom rule sets for your projects"
    high_level_description: "Hands-on exercise to modify quality profiles, import/export rules, and adapt to team standards"
    est_time: "20 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "Quality Profiles Documentation"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/instance-administration/quality-profiles/"
        description: "Managing language-specific rule sets"

- in_video_question:
    learning_item_title: "Course Recap and Next Steps"
    video_format: "Talking Head"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Review key concepts and plan your SonarQube implementation"
    high_level_description: "Summary of SonarQube benefits, best practices, and resources for advanced features"
    est_time: "3 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarQube Community Edition"
        url: "https://www.sonarsource.com/products/sonarqube/"
        description: "Official product page with comparison of editions"
      - name: "SonarCloud (SaaS Alternative)"
        url: "https://sonarcloud.io"
        description: "Cloud-based version for open source projects"

- update :  rephrase the Learning item title for impact and clarity
- update :  no recap video needed
- update :  rephrase title for impact and clarity which is a high level description
- update :  Handson Learnings are not videos but assignments

```

## Markdown Output >

## **Lo1**: Install and configure SonarQube 

| Learning Items | Learning Item Title | Video Format | Aligned Learning Objective | High-level Description | Est. Time | Link to Reading | Video Script |
|---------------|---------------------|--------------|----------------------------|------------------------|-----------|------------------------------|------------------------------|
| Intro | SonarQube Intro | Talking Head | Our objectives in the course | A brief welcome message, objectives, flex and bonus | 3 minutes | [SonarQube Official Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) - Official guide for installation, configuration, and YAML-based project analysis |
| Video 1 | Module Overview: Introduction to SonarQube, environment setup, and first analysis | Slide | Initial setup information | Overview of what will be covered in the course modules | 5 minutes | [Using Docker-Compose YAML for SonarQube Setup](https://github.com/SonarSource/docker-sonarqube) - Example YAML for deploying SonarQube via Docker |
| Video 2 | Codespaces and minikube is an open-source platform to deploy tools like SonarQube | Slide | Logins and resources | Introduction to the platform's core capabilities | 5 minutes | [Codespaces and minikube](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube) - Project configuration (can be adapted for YAML SonarQube) |
| Video 3 | Let's now set up SonarQube Github Actions steps to install and run it | Talking Head | PoC Environment | Step-by-step installation guidance | 5 minutes | [GitHub Actions with SonarQube](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/github-actions/) - YAML configuration for SonarQube scanning in GitHub workflows |
| Hands-on Learning | Setup SonarQube in GitHub CodeSpaces | Screen Capture | Hands-on Action | Practical demonstration of GitHub integration | 3 minutes | [Customizing SonarQube Rules](https://community.sonarsource.com/t/how-to-export-and-import-quality-profiles/1217) - Managing rules via YAML/JSON configurations |
| In Video Question | Summary: What SonarQube is, why it's useful, and how to launch it | Slide | Initial Screens | Recap of key concepts and next steps | 5 minutes | [SonarQube Official Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) - Comprehensive reference for all features |

Commit message:

Align reading links with lesson objectives in shot list

8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.14.1_Lesson1_Shot_list.md, after:

# Learning objective 1

```yaml
- intro:
    learning_item_title: "Introduction to SonarQube"
    video_format: "Talking Head"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Understand the purpose and benefits of SonarQube for code quality analysis"
    high_level_description: "Welcome to the course, overview of SonarQube capabilities, and what you'll learn about static code analysis and quality gates"
    est_time: "3 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarQube Official Documentation"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/"
        description: "Official guide covering all aspects of SonarQube"

- video_1:
    learning_item_title: "Setting Up Your SonarQube Environment"
    video_format: "Slides"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Configure a local SonarQube instance using Docker"
    high_level_description: "Step-by-step guide to installing SonarQube server, understanding the web interface, and basic configuration"
    est_time: "7 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "Docker-Compose for SonarQube"
        url: "https://github.com/SonarSource/docker-sonarqube"
        description: "Production-ready YAML configuration for SonarQube"
      - name: "System Requirements"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/requirements/requirements/"
        description: "Hardware and software requirements for SonarQube"

- video_2:
    learning_item_title: "Understanding Code Quality Metrics"
    video_format: "Slides"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Interpret SonarQube analysis results and quality gates"
    high_level_description: "Key metrics like bugs, vulnerabilities, code smells, coverage, and duplications explained with examples"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "About Quality Gates"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/quality-gates/"
        description: "How to define pass/fail criteria for your projects"

- hands_on_learning_1:
    learning_item_title: "Your First Project Analysis"
    video_format: "Screen Sharing"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Perform a complete code analysis from setup to results"
    high_level_description: "Practical walkthrough of analyzing a sample project, interpreting the dashboard, and addressing issues"
    est_time: "20 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarScanner Guide"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner/"
        description: "Detailed scanning instructions for various project types"

- video_3:
    learning_item_title: "Integrating with CI/CD Pipelines"
    video_format: "Slides + Screen Sharing"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Automate code quality checks in your development workflow"
    high_level_description: "Configuring SonarQube with GitHub Actions, Jenkins, and other CI tools using YAML configurations"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "GitHub Actions Integration"
        url: "https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/github-actions/"
        description: "Official GitHub Actions YAML templates"

- hands_on_learning_2:
    learning_item_title: "Customizing Quality Profiles"
    video_format: "Screen Sharing"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Create and manage custom rule sets for your projects"
    high_level_description: "Hands-on exercise to modify quality profiles, import/export rules, and adapt to team standards"
    est_time: "20 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "Quality Profiles Documentation"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/instance-administration/quality-profiles/"
        description: "Managing language-specific rule sets"

- in_video_question:
    learning_item_title: "Course Recap and Next Steps"
    video_format: "Talking Head"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Review key concepts and plan your SonarQube implementation"
    high_level_description: "Summary of SonarQube benefits, best practices, and resources for advanced features"
    est_time: "3 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarQube Community Edition"
        url: "https://www.sonarsource.com/products/sonarqube/"
        description: "Official product page with comparison of editions"
      - name: "SonarCloud (SaaS Alternative)"
        url: "https://sonarcloud.io"
        description: "Cloud-based version for open source projects"

- update :  rephrase the Learning item title for impact and clarity
- update :  no recap video needed
- update :  rephrase title for impact and clarity which is a high level description
- update :  Handson Learnings are not videos but assignments
- update :  Link to reading to be alligned with the lesson objective

```

## Markdown Output >

## **Lo1**: Install and configure SonarQube 

| Learning Items | Learning Item Title | Video Format | Aligned Learning Objective | High-level Description | Est. Time | Link to Reading | Video Script |
|---------------|---------------------|--------------|----------------------------|------------------------|-----------|------------------------------|------------------------------|
| Intro | SonarQube Intro | Talking Head | Our objectives in the course | A brief welcome message, objectives, flex and bonus | 3 minutes | [SonarQube Official Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) - Official guide for installation, configuration, and YAML-based project analysis |
| Video 1 | Module Overview: Introduction to SonarQube, environment setup, and first analysis | Slide | Initial setup information | Overview of what will be covered in the course modules | 5 minutes | [Using Docker-Compose YAML for SonarQube Setup](https://github.com/SonarSource/docker-sonarqube) - Example YAML for deploying SonarQube via Docker |
| Video 2 | Codespaces and minikube is an open-source platform to deploy tools like SonarQube | Slide | Logins and resources | Introduction to the platform's core capabilities | 5 minutes | [Codespaces and minikube](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube) - Project configuration (can be adapted for YAML SonarQube) |
| Video 3 | Let's now set up SonarQube Github Actions steps to install and run it | Talking Head | PoC Environment | Step-by-step installation guidance | 5 minutes | [GitHub Actions with SonarQube](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/github-actions/) - YAML configuration for SonarQube scanning in GitHub workflows |
| Hands-on Learning | Setup SonarQube in GitHub CodeSpaces | Screen Capture | Hands-on Action | Practical demonstration of GitHub integration | 3 minutes | [Customizing SonarQube Rules](https://community.sonarsource.com/t/how-to-export-and-import-quality-profiles/1217) - Managing rules via YAML/JSON configurations |
| In Video Question | Summary: What SonarQube is, why it's useful, and how to launch it | Slide | Initial Screens | Recap of key concepts and next steps | 5 minutes | [SonarQube Official Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) - Comprehensive reference for all features |
