8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.15.1_Lesson1_Shot_list.md, before:

# Learning objective 1

> **Prompt:** Update the values based on the project in the codebase.

Create a table with columns for:
- **Learning Items** (Intro, Video, Reading, Hands-on Learning)  
- **Learning Item Title**  
- **Video Format** (Screensharing Video, Talking Head, Slides)  
- **Aligned Learning Objective**  
- **High-level Description**  
- **Est. Time**  
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**  

Include the following details for each shot in a video course on **"Code Quality with SonarQube"**:



- intro:
    learning_item_title: "SonarQube Intro"
    video_format: "Talking Head"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Our objectives in the course"
    high_level_description: "A brief welcome message, objectives, flex and bonus"
    est_time: "3 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarQube Official Documentation"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/"
        description: "Official guide for installation, configuration, and YAML-based project analysis"

- video_1:
    learning_item_title: "Module Overview: Introduction to SonarQube, environment setup, and first analysis."
    video_format: "Slide"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Initial setup information"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "Using Docker-Compose YAML for SonarQube Setup"
        url: "https://github.com/SonarSource/docker-sonarqube"
        description: "Example YAML for deploying SonarQube via Docker"

- video_2:
    learning_item_title: "SonarQube is an open-source platform for continuous code quality analysis."
    video_format: "Slide"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Logins and resources"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarQube Scanner Configuration"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner/"
        description: "Project configuration (can be adapted for YAML in CI/CD)"

- video_4:
    learning_item_title: "Let's now set up SonarQube—follow these steps to install and run it."
    video_format: "Talking Head"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Poc Environment"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "GitHub Actions with SonarQube"
        url: "https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/github-actions/"
        description: "YAML configuration for SonarQube scanning in GitHub workflows"

- hands_on_learning_1:
    learning_item_title: "Setup SonarQube in GitHub"
    video_format: "Screen Capture"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Hands-on Action"
    est_time: "3 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "Customizing SonarQube Rules"
        url: "https://community.sonarsource.com/t/how-to-export-and-import-quality-profiles/1217"
        description: "Managing rules via YAML/JSON configurations"

- video_5:
    learning_item_title: "Summary: What SonarQube is, why it's useful, and how to launch it."
    video_format: "Slide"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Initial Screens"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarQube Official Documentation"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/"
        description: "Comprehensive reference for all features"

**Prompt:** : Find relevant  open source articles for the Link to reading update the value in yaml  **Link to Reading/Video Script:** 


## Write Output >

Here’s a structured table for your **"Code Quality with SonarQube"** video course:  

| **Learning Items**      | **Learning Item Title**                                                                 | **Video Format**        | **Aligned Learning Objective**       | **High-level Description**                                                                 | **Est. Time** | **Link to Reading/Video Script** |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|----------------------------------|
| **Intro**               | "SonarQube Intro"                                                                      | Talking Head           | "Our objectives in the course"      | "A brief welcome message, objectives, flex and bonus"                                    | 3 minutes     | Link to Video Reading           |
| **Video 1**            | "Module Overview: Introduction to SonarQube, environment setup, and first analysis."  | Slide                  | "Initial setup information"         | Overview of the module, key topics, and expected outcomes.                               | 5 minutes     | -                                |
| **Video 2**            | "SonarQube is an open-source platform for continuous code quality analysis."          | Slide                  | "Logins and resources"              | Explains what SonarQube is, its purpose, and available resources.                        | 5 minutes     | -                                |
| **Video 3**            | "Benefits: SAS platform"                                                              | Slide                  | "Pay as you go"                     | Discusses the advantages of SonarQube, including its SaaS model.                         | 5 minutes     | -                                |
| **Video 4**            | "Let’s now set up SonarQube—follow these steps to install and run it."                | Talking Head           | "Poc Environment"                   | Step-by-step guide to installing and running SonarQube locally.                          | 5 minutes     | -                                |
| **Hands-on Learning**  | "Setup SonarQube in GitHub"                                                           | Screen Capture         | "Hands-on Action"                   | Practical demonstration of integrating SonarQube with GitHub.                            | 3 minutes     | -                                |
| **Hands-on Learning**  | "Run the startup script and access the dashboard at localhost:9000."                  | Screen Capture         | "Ports in codespaces"               | Shows how to launch SonarQube and access the dashboard.                                  | 3 minutes     | -                                |
| **Video 5**            | "Summary: What SonarQube is, why it’s useful, and how to launch it."                 | Slide                  | "Initial Screens"                   | Recap of key concepts, benefits, and setup steps covered in the module.                  | 5 minutes     | -                                |
| **Video 6**            | "Great job! Next, we’ll analyze a real project—see you in the next module."          | Talking Head           | "Learn interfaces"                  | Closing remarks, encouragement, and preview of the next module.                          | 3 minutes     | -                                |

Commit message:

Manmeet show  table with links

8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.15.1_Lesson1_Shot_list.md, after:

# Learning objective 1

> **Prompt:** Update the values based on the project in the codebase.

Create a table with columns for:
- **Learning Items** (Intro, Video, Reading, Hands-on Learning)  
- **Learning Item Title**  
- **Video Format** (Screensharing Video, Talking Head, Slides)  
- **Aligned Learning Objective**  
- **High-level Description**  
- **Est. Time**  
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**  

Include the following details for each shot in a video course on **"Code Quality with SonarQube"**:



- intro:
    learning_item_title: "SonarQube Intro"
    video_format: "Talking Head"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Our objectives in the course"
    high_level_description: "A brief welcome message, objectives, flex and bonus"
    est_time: "3 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarQube Official Documentation"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/"
        description: "Official guide for installation, configuration, and YAML-based project analysis"

- video_1:
    learning_item_title: "Module Overview: Introduction to SonarQube, environment setup, and first analysis."
    video_format: "Slide"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Initial setup information"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "Using Docker-Compose YAML for SonarQube Setup"
        url: "https://github.com/SonarSource/docker-sonarqube"
        description: "Example YAML for deploying SonarQube via Docker"

- video_2:
    learning_item_title: "SonarQube is an open-source platform for continuous code quality analysis."
    video_format: "Slide"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Logins and resources"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarQube Scanner Configuration"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner/"
        description: "Project configuration (can be adapted for YAML in CI/CD)"

- video_4:
    learning_item_title: "Let's now set up SonarQube—follow these steps to install and run it."
    video_format: "Talking Head"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Poc Environment"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "GitHub Actions with SonarQube"
        url: "https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/github-actions/"
        description: "YAML configuration for SonarQube scanning in GitHub workflows"

- hands_on_learning_1:
    learning_item_title: "Setup SonarQube in GitHub"
    video_format: "Screen Capture"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Hands-on Action"
    est_time: "3 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "Customizing SonarQube Rules"
        url: "https://community.sonarsource.com/t/how-to-export-and-import-quality-profiles/1217"
        description: "Managing rules via YAML/JSON configurations"

- video_5:
    learning_item_title: "Summary: What SonarQube is, why it's useful, and how to launch it."
    video_format: "Slide"
    aligned_learning_objective: "Initial Screens"
    est_time: "5 minutes"
    link_to_reading_video_script:
      - name: "SonarQube Official Documentation"
        url: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/"
        description: "Comprehensive reference for all features"

**Prompt:** : Find relevant  open source articles for the Link to reading update the value in yaml  **Link to Reading/Video Script:** 


## Write Output >
# Code Quality with SonarQube Course Content

| Learning Items | Learning Item Title | Video Format | Aligned Learning Objective | High-level Description | Est. Time | Link to Reading/Video Script |
|---------------|---------------------|--------------|----------------------------|------------------------|-----------|------------------------------|
| Intro | SonarQube Intro | Talking Head | Our objectives in the course | A brief welcome message, objectives, flex and bonus | 3 minutes | [SonarQube Official Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) - Official guide for installation, configuration, and YAML-based project analysis |
| Video | Module Overview: Introduction to SonarQube, environment setup, and first analysis | Slide | Initial setup information | Overview of what will be covered in the course modules | 5 minutes | [Using Docker-Compose YAML for SonarQube Setup](https://github.com/SonarSource/docker-sonarqube) - Example YAML for deploying SonarQube via Docker |
| Video | SonarQube is an open-source platform for continuous code quality analysis | Slide | Logins and resources | Introduction to the platform's core capabilities | 5 minutes | [SonarQube Scanner Configuration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner/) - Project configuration (can be adapted for YAML in CI/CD) |
| Video | Let's now set up SonarQube—follow these steps to install and run it | Talking Head | PoC Environment | Step-by-step installation guidance | 5 minutes | [GitHub Actions with SonarQube](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/github-actions/) - YAML configuration for SonarQube scanning in GitHub workflows |
| Hands-on Learning | Setup SonarQube in GitHub | Screen Capture | Hands-on Action | Practical demonstration of GitHub integration | 3 minutes | [Customizing SonarQube Rules](https://community.sonarsource.com/t/how-to-export-and-import-quality-profiles/1217) - Managing rules via YAML/JSON configurations |
| Video | Summary: What SonarQube is, why it's useful, and how to launch it | Slide | Initial Screens | Recap of key concepts and next steps | 5 minutes | [SonarQube Official Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) - Comprehensive reference for all features |

## Additional Relevant Resources for Course Content

Here are some additional open source articles that would enhance the learning experience:

1. [SonarQube in CI/CD Pipelines](https://www.sonarqube.org/features/deployment/) - Best practices for integrating code quality checks into development workflows
2. [SonarQube Quality Gates](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/quality-gates/) - Setting up pass/fail criteria for code quality
3. [SonarLint Integration](https://www.sonarlint.org/) - IDE plugins for developer feedback before committing code
4. [SonarQube Community Plugins](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/instance-administration/marketplace/) - Extending SonarQube functionality
5. [SonarQube Security Reports](https://rules.sonarsource.com/java/type/Security%20Hotspot/) - Understanding vulnerability detection
6. [SonarQube API Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/extend/web-api/) - Guide for automation and custom integrations
