8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.14.1_Lesson1_Plan.md, before:

# Lesson Plan

```yaml
lesson:
  title: "Mastering Setup of SonarQube for Code Quality and Security"
  format: Concise, compelling TITLE, aligned to applicable course Learning Objective
  objective: "By the end of this lesson, learners will be able to set up SonarQube locally and integrate it with GitHub Codespaces to perform automated code quality and security analysis."
  description: "This lesson provides a step-by-step guide to configuring SonarQube for static code analysis, ensuring high code quality and security compliance. Learners will set up a GitHub account, configure Codespaces, and deploy SonarQube to analyze their projects."
  duration: 15 minutes
  content:
    videos:
      - title: "GitHub Account Setup"
        duration: 5 minutes
        focus: "Creating a GitHub account and preparing for SonarQube integration."
      - title: "GitHub Codespaces Configuration"
        duration: 5 minutes
        focus: "Setting up a cloud-based dev environment for seamless SonarQube analysis."
      - title: "SonarQube Setup & Integration"
        duration: 5 minutes
        focus: "Installing SonarQube, configuring projects, and running first code scans."
  audience: "Developers, DevOps Engineers, and QA Analysts seeking to improve code quality."
  prerequisites: 
    - "Basic familiarity with Git and GitHub"
    
    - "Understanding of static code analysis concepts"
  call_to_action: "Start scanning your code with SonarQube today to catch bugs and vulnerabilities early!"
 handsonlearning:
  - subject: Create a scenerio based hands onlearning based on the code base for the learned to be able to apply they learned in the lesson.
  - example: "You’ve just joined NovoSpark Solutions—a fast-growing company determined to streamline hybrid work for teams spread across time zones. You’re tasked with comparing two AI-powered collaboration platforms that promise to boost workflow automation, strengthen communication, and safeguard sensitive data. In this                    exercise, you’ll explore each platform’s usability, security features, and potential ethical or compliance issues. By the end, you’ll recommend the best fit for NovoSpark’s commitment to responsible and inclusive AI use. 
                Deliverable for Peer Review: 
                Comparison Brief – A concise matrix or summary contrasting the platforms on usability, security, and ethical/compliance considerations. 
                Recommendation – A brief statement explaining which platform you’d choose and why, highlighting the balance between innovation, responsibility, and team needs. 
                Tools to be used: Zoom with AI Features, ChatGPT, CoPilot "
```

## Markdown Output >

# Lesson Plan

- **Overview**:  
  ### **Title of the Lesson:**  
  Mastering Setup of SonarQube for Code Quality and Security  

  ### **Lesson Objective:**  
  Equip learners with the skills to configure and utilize SonarQube for improved code quality and security.  
  Lesson duration: 15 minutes, divided into 3 x 5-minute videos:  
  - Video 1: Setup Environment : Pick the environment  
  - Video 2: CodeSpaces Configuration  
  - Video 3: SonarQube Setup  

  ### **Description:**  
  This lesson provides a hands-on introduction to setting up SonarQube. Learners will go through practical exercises, exploring GitHub integration, CodeSpaces, and SonarQube setup, focusing on identifying vulnerabilities and streamlining development workflows for optimal code quality and security.

Commit message:

Update lesson plans for clarity and coherence

8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.14.1_Lesson1_Plan.md, after:

# Lesson Plan

```yaml
lesson:
  title: "Mastering Setup of SonarQube for Code Quality and Security"
  format: Concise, compelling TITLE, aligned to applicable course Learning Objective
  objective: "By the end of this lesson, learners will be able to set up SonarQube locally and integrate it with GitHub Codespaces to perform automated code quality and security analysis."
  description: "This lesson provides a step-by-step guide to configuring SonarQube for static code analysis, ensuring high code quality and security compliance. Learners will set up a GitHub account, configure Codespaces, and deploy SonarQube to analyze their projects."
  duration: 15 minutes
  content:
    videos:
      - title: "GitHub Account Setup"
        duration: 5 minutes
        focus: "Creating a GitHub account and preparing for SonarQube integration."
      - title: "GitHub Codespaces Configuration"
        duration: 5 minutes
        focus: "Setting up a cloud-based dev environment for seamless SonarQube analysis."
      - title: "SonarQube Setup & Integration"
        duration: 5 minutes
        focus: "Installing SonarQube, configuring projects, and running first code scans."
  audience: "Developers, DevOps Engineers, and QA Analysts seeking to improve code quality."
  prerequisites: 
    - "Basic familiarity with Git and GitHub"
    
    - "Understanding of static code analysis concepts"
  call_to_action: "Start scanning your code with SonarQube today to catch bugs and vulnerabilities early!"
 handsonlearning:
  - subject: Create a scenerio based hands onlearning based on the code base for the learned to be able to apply they learned in the lesson.
  - example: "You’ve just joined NovoSpark Solutions—a fast-growing company determined to streamline hybrid work for teams spread across time zones. You’re tasked with comparing two AI-powered collaboration platforms that promise to boost workflow automation, strengthen communication, and safeguard sensitive data. In this                    exercise, you’ll explore each platform’s usability, security features, and potential ethical or compliance issues. By the end, you’ll recommend the best fit for NovoSpark’s commitment to responsible and inclusive AI use. 
                Deliverable for Peer Review: 
                Comparison Brief – A concise matrix or summary contrasting the platforms on usability, security, and ethical/compliance considerations. 
                Recommendation – A brief statement explaining which platform you’d choose and why, highlighting the balance between innovation, responsibility, and team needs. 
                Tools to be used: Zoom with AI Features, ChatGPT, CoPilot "

- update:  lessons obtive to have clarity and coherence
```

## Markdown Output >

# Lesson Plan

- **Overview**:  
  ### **Title of the Lesson:**  
  Mastering Setup of SonarQube for Code Quality and Security  

  ### **Lesson Objective:**  
  Equip learners with the skills to configure and utilize SonarQube for improved code quality and security.  
  Lesson duration: 15 minutes, divided into 3 x 5-minute videos:  
  - Video 1: Setup Environment : Pick the environment  
  - Video 2: CodeSpaces Configuration  
  - Video 3: SonarQube Setup  

  ### **Description:**  
  This lesson provides a hands-on introduction to setting up SonarQube. Learners will go through practical exercises, exploring GitHub integration, CodeSpaces, and SonarQube setup, focusing on identifying vulnerabilities and streamlining development workflows for optimal code quality and security.
