8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.14.2_lesson2_shot_list.md, before:

# Learning objective 2

```yaml
- Learning Item: "Intro"
  Learning Item Title: "Introduction to SonarQube with CI CD"
  Video Format: "Talking Head"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Understand the purpose and benefits of SonarQube"
  High-level Description: "Introduction to the course and first module"
  Est. Time: "1 min"
  Link to Video Script: "Shot 1: Talking head introducing the module"

- Learning Item: "Video"
  Learning Item Title: "What is CI CD?"
  Video Format: "Slides"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Explain SonarQube's core functionality"
  High-level Description: "Definition and key features of SonarQube"
  Est. Time: "3 mins"
  Link to Video Script: |
    "Shot 3: Slide explaining what SonarQube is
    Shot 4: Slide listing benefits of using SonarQube"

- Learning Item: "Reading"
  Learning Item Title: "SonarQube Documentation with CI systems"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Understand SonarQube's capabilities"
  High-level Description: "Official documentation about SonarQube features"
  Est. Time: "20 mins"
  Link to Reading: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/ci-integration/"

- Learning Item: "Hands-on Learning"
  Learning Item Title: "Setting Up SonarQube project for CI"
  Video Format: "Screensharing Video"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Install and launch SonarQube locally"
  High-level Description: "Step-by-step installation guide"
  Est. Time: "15 mins"
  Link to Video Script: |
    "Shot 5: Talking head introducing setup process
    Shot 6: Screen capture of download/installation
    Shot 7: Screen capture of starting SonarQube"

- Learning Item: "Video"
  Learning Item Title: "Module Summary"
  Video Format: "Mixed (Talking Head + Slides)"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Recall key concepts from the module for Quality Gates"
  High-level Description: "Recap of what was covered"
  Est. Time: "2 mins"
  Link to Video Script: |
    "Shot 8: Slide summarizing module content
    Shot 9: Talking head conclusion"

- Learning Item: "Reading"
  Learning Item Title: "SonarQube Best Practices for CI/CD Pipelines"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Learn industry best practices for integrating SonarQube"
  High-level Description: "Best practices for using SonarQube in CI/CD workflows"
  Est. Time: "7 mins"
  Link to Reading: "https://www.sonarsource.com/blog/5-steps-to-a-clean-ci-cd-pipeline-with-sonarqube/"

- Learning Item: "Reading"
  Learning Item Title: "SonarQube Quality Gates Explained"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Understand how Quality Gates enforce code standards"
  High-level Description: "Deep dive into configuring and using Quality Gates"
  Est. Time: "8 mins"
  Link to Reading: "https://community.sonarsource.com/t/understanding-quality-gates/12158"

- Learning Item: "Reading"
  Learning Item Title: "Integrating SonarQube with GitHub Actions"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Set up SonarQube analysis in GitHub CI/CD"
  High-level Description: "Step-by-step guide for GitHub Actions integration"
  Est. Time: "10 mins"
  Link to Reading: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/github-actions/"

- update :  rephrase the Learning item title for impact and clarity
- update :  no recap video needed
- update :  rephrase title for impact and clarity which is a high level description


```

## Markdown Output >

# LO2: Integrate

| Learning Items | Learning Item Title | Video Format | Aligned Learning Objective | High-level Description | Est. Time | Link to Reading | Video Script |
|---------------|---------------------|--------------|----------------------------|------------------------|-----------|------------------------------|------------------------------|
| Intro | SonarQube Intro | Talking Head | Our objectives in the course | A brief welcome message, objectives, flex and bonus | 3 minutes | [SonarQube Official Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) - Official guide for installation, configuration, and YAML-based project analysis |
| Video | Module Overview: Introduction to SonarQube, environment setup, and first analysis | Slide | Initial setup information | Overview of what will be covered in the course modules | 5 minutes | [Using Docker-Compose YAML for SonarQube Setup](https://github.com/SonarSource/docker-sonarqube) - Example YAML for deploying SonarQube via Docker |
| Video | SonarQube is an open-source platform for continuous code quality analysis | Slide | Logins and resources | Introduction to the platform's core capabilities | 5 minutes | [SonarQube Scanner Configuration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner/) - Project configuration (can be adapted for YAML in CI/CD) |
| Video | Let's now set up SonarQube—follow these steps to install and run it | Talking Head | PoC Environment | Step-by-step installation guidance | 5 minutes | [GitHub Actions with SonarQube](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/github-actions/) - YAML configuration for SonarQube scanning in GitHub workflows |
| Hands-on Learning | Setup SonarQube in GitHub | Screen Capture | Hands-on Action | Practical demonstration of GitHub integration | 3 minutes | [Customizing SonarQube Rules](https://community.sonarsource.com/t/how-to-export-and-import-quality-profiles/1217) - Managing rules via YAML/JSON configurations |
| Video | Summary: What SonarQube is, why it's useful, and how to launch it | Slide | Initial Screens | Recap of key concepts and next steps | 5 minutes | [SonarQube Official Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) - Comprehensive reference for all features |

Commit message:

Clarify that Handson Learnings are assignments, not videos, in lesson outlines

8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.14.2_lesson2_shot_list.md, after:

# Learning objective 2

```yaml
- Learning Item: "Intro"
  Learning Item Title: "Introduction to SonarQube with CI CD"
  Video Format: "Talking Head"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Understand the purpose and benefits of SonarQube"
  High-level Description: "Introduction to the course and first module"
  Est. Time: "1 min"
  Link to Video Script: "Shot 1: Talking head introducing the module"

- Learning Item: "Video"
  Learning Item Title: "What is CI CD?"
  Video Format: "Slides"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Explain SonarQube's core functionality"
  High-level Description: "Definition and key features of SonarQube"
  Est. Time: "3 mins"
  Link to Video Script: |
    "Shot 3: Slide explaining what SonarQube is
    Shot 4: Slide listing benefits of using SonarQube"

- Learning Item: "Reading"
  Learning Item Title: "SonarQube Documentation with CI systems"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Understand SonarQube's capabilities"
  High-level Description: "Official documentation about SonarQube features"
  Est. Time: "20 mins"
  Link to Reading: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/ci-integration/"

- Learning Item: "Hands-on Learning"
  Learning Item Title: "Setting Up SonarQube project for CI"
  Video Format: "Screensharing Video"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Install and launch SonarQube locally"
  High-level Description: "Step-by-step installation guide"
  Est. Time: "15 mins"
  Link to Video Script: |
    "Shot 5: Talking head introducing setup process
    Shot 6: Screen capture of download/installation
    Shot 7: Screen capture of starting SonarQube"

- Learning Item: "Video"
  Learning Item Title: "Module Summary"
  Video Format: "Mixed (Talking Head + Slides)"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Recall key concepts from the module for Quality Gates"
  High-level Description: "Recap of what was covered"
  Est. Time: "2 mins"
  Link to Video Script: |
    "Shot 8: Slide summarizing module content
    Shot 9: Talking head conclusion"

- Learning Item: "Reading"
  Learning Item Title: "SonarQube Best Practices for CI/CD Pipelines"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Learn industry best practices for integrating SonarQube"
  High-level Description: "Best practices for using SonarQube in CI/CD workflows"
  Est. Time: "7 mins"
  Link to Reading: "https://www.sonarsource.com/blog/5-steps-to-a-clean-ci-cd-pipeline-with-sonarqube/"

- Learning Item: "Reading"
  Learning Item Title: "SonarQube Quality Gates Explained"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Understand how Quality Gates enforce code standards"
  High-level Description: "Deep dive into configuring and using Quality Gates"
  Est. Time: "8 mins"
  Link to Reading: "https://community.sonarsource.com/t/understanding-quality-gates/12158"

- Learning Item: "Reading"
  Learning Item Title: "Integrating SonarQube with GitHub Actions"
  Aligned Learning Objective: "Set up SonarQube analysis in GitHub CI/CD"
  High-level Description: "Step-by-step guide for GitHub Actions integration"
  Est. Time: "10 mins"
  Link to Reading: "https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/github-actions/"

- update :  rephrase the Learning item title for impact and clarity
- update :  no recap video needed
- update :  rephrase title for impact and clarity which is a high level description
- update :  Handson Learnings are not videos but assignments


```

## Markdown Output >

# LO2: Integrate

| Learning Items | Learning Item Title | Video Format | Aligned Learning Objective | High-level Description | Est. Time | Link to Reading | Video Script |
|---------------|---------------------|--------------|----------------------------|------------------------|-----------|------------------------------|------------------------------|
| Intro | SonarQube Intro | Talking Head | Our objectives in the course | A brief welcome message, objectives, flex and bonus | 3 minutes | [SonarQube Official Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) - Official guide for installation, configuration, and YAML-based project analysis |
| Video | Module Overview: Introduction to SonarQube, environment setup, and first analysis | Slide | Initial setup information | Overview of what will be covered in the course modules | 5 minutes | [Using Docker-Compose YAML for SonarQube Setup](https://github.com/SonarSource/docker-sonarqube) - Example YAML for deploying SonarQube via Docker |
| Video | SonarQube is an open-source platform for continuous code quality analysis | Slide | Logins and resources | Introduction to the platform's core capabilities | 5 minutes | [SonarQube Scanner Configuration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner/) - Project configuration (can be adapted for YAML in CI/CD) |
| Video | Let's now set up SonarQube—follow these steps to install and run it | Talking Head | PoC Environment | Step-by-step installation guidance | 5 minutes | [GitHub Actions with SonarQube](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/github-actions/) - YAML configuration for SonarQube scanning in GitHub workflows |
| Hands-on Learning | Setup SonarQube in GitHub | Screen Capture | Hands-on Action | Practical demonstration of GitHub integration | 3 minutes | [Customizing SonarQube Rules](https://community.sonarsource.com/t/how-to-export-and-import-quality-profiles/1217) - Managing rules via YAML/JSON configurations |
| Video | Summary: What SonarQube is, why it's useful, and how to launch it | Slide | Initial Screens | Recap of key concepts and next steps | 5 minutes | [SonarQube Official Documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) - Comprehensive reference for all features |
