8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.14.3_lesson3_shot_list.md, before:

# Learning objective 2

```yaml
learning_modules:
  - module: "Introduction to Project"
    learning_items:
      - type: "Intro"
        title: "Course Overview and Objectives"
        description: "Brief introduction to the course structure, learning outcomes, and how to navigate the materials. Sets expectations for what learners will achieve."
        video_format: "Talking Head"
        learning_objective: "Understand the course structure and what skills they'll develop."
        time_estimate: "3 min"
        resources:
          - type: "Reading"
            url: "https://example.com/open-source-learning-article"
          - type: "Script"
            url: "https://example.com/video-script-1"

      - type: "Video"
        title: "Core Concepts Demonstration"
        description: "Screen-sharing walkthrough of key concepts in the actual codebase. Shows real-world application of the theory."
        video_format: "Screensharing Video"
        learning_objective: "Recognize how theoretical concepts appear in practical implementations."
        time_estimate: "5 min"
        resources:
          - type: "Reading"
            url: "https://example.com/open-source-code-examples"
          - type: "Script"
            url: "https://example.com/video-script-2"

  - module: "Hands-on Practice"
    learning_items:
      - type: "Hands-on Learning"
        title: "Interactive Code Exercise"
        description: "Guided coding challenge using the project's actual codebase. Learners will modify existing code to achieve specific outcomes."
        video_format: "Screensharing Video"
        learning_objective: "Apply concepts by making meaningful changes to real code."
        time_estimate: "20 min"
        resources:
          - type: "Reading"
            url: "https://example.com/open-source-coding-challenges"

- update :  rephrase the Learning item title for impact and clarity
- update :  no recap video needed
- update :  rephrase title for impact and clarity which is a high level description
- update :  Handson Learnings are not videos but assignments

```

## Markdown Output >

# SonarQube Learning Module

## Shot 1
- **Learning Items**: Intro, Video
- **Learning Item Title**: Introduction to SonarQube Analysis
- **Video Format**: Slides
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Understand the purpose of SonarQube for code quality analysis
- **High-level Description**: Title slide introducing the SonarQube analysis module
- **Est. Time**: 1 minute
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Slide titled 'Analyzing Code with SonarQube' with presenter voiceover: "Welcome to the SonarQube Analysis module. SonarQube is an open-source platform for continuous code quality inspection, helping developers identify and fix code issues early."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Introduction to SonarQube](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) – Official documentation explaining SonarQube’s purpose and core features.
    - [Baeldung: Getting Started with SonarQube](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube) – A beginner-friendly article on SonarQube’s role in code quality analysis.

## Shot 2
- **Learning Items**: Video
- **Learning Item Title**: SonarQube Interface Overview
- **Video Format**: Screensharing Video
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Navigate the SonarQube dashboard and analysis sections
- **High-level Description**: Live demonstration of SonarQube's main interface components
- **Est. Time**: 2 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Screen recording highlighting code analysis section with explanation of workflow: "Here’s the SonarQube dashboard. We’ll explore the project overview, issues tab, and code analysis metrics to understand how to navigate the platform."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: User Guide – Interface Overview](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/) – Detailed guide on navigating the SonarQube interface.
    - [DZone: Exploring SonarQube’s Dashboard](https://dzone.com/articles/sonarqube-a-tool-for-static-code-analysis) – Article covering key interface components and their functionalities.

## Shot 3
- **Learning Items**: Video, Hands-on Learning
- **Learning Item Title**: Code Analysis Example
- **Video Format**: Screensharing Video
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Apply SonarQube analysis to real Java code
- **High-level Description**: Practical demonstration analyzing a Java code snippet
- **Est. Time**: 3 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Screen capture of Java code in SonarQube with voice explanation of analysis process: "Let’s analyze this Java code snippet. SonarQube flags issues like code smells and vulnerabilities, and we’ll walk through the analysis results."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Analyzing Source Code](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/) – Official guide on how SonarQube analyzes code, with examples.
    - [Baeldung: SonarQube Java Analysis](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-java-static-code-analysis) – Tutorial on analyzing Java code with SonarQube, including practical examples.

## Shot 4
- **Learning Items**: Video, Hands-on Learning
- **Learning Item Title**: Running Code Analysis
- **Video Format**: Screensharing Video
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Execute a full code analysis scan
- **High-level Description**: Step-by-step demonstration initiating an analysis
- **Est. Time**: 2 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Screen recording showing analysis execution with progress indicators: "We’ll initiate a full code scan by configuring the project and running the analysis. Watch the progress indicators as SonarQube processes the code."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Running Analysis](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/) – Step-by-step guide to executing a code analysis scan.
    - [Medium: Setting Up and Running SonarQube Scans](https://medium.com/@sonarqube/sonarqube-scanning-your-codebase-123456789) – Article on configuring and running SonarQube scans (open-access Medium post).

## Shot 5
- **Learning Items**: Video, Reading
- **Learning Item Title**: Interpreting Results
- **Video Format**: Screensharing Video
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Evaluate and prioritize code issues
- **High-level Description**: Reviewing the analysis results dashboard
- **Est. Time**: 3 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Screen capture of results dashboard explaining severity levels and issue types: "This is the results dashboard. We’ll review issue severity levels—critical, major, minor—and prioritize fixes based on impact."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Understanding Analysis Results](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/metric-definitions/) – Guide to interpreting SonarQube’s analysis metrics and issue types.
    - [DZone: Making Sense of SonarQube Reports](https://dzone.com/articles/sonarqube-reports-and-metrics) – Article on evaluating and prioritizing code issues in SonarQube.

## Shot 6
- **Learning Items**: Video, Hands-on Learning
- **Learning Item Title**: Issue Resolution Guidance
- **Video Format**: Screensharing Video
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Implement SonarQube's improvement suggestions
- **High-level Description**: Deep dive into specific code issues and fixes
- **Est. Time**: 3 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Highlighted problematic code sections with SonarQube’s improvement tips: "Here’s a code smell flagged by SonarQube. We’ll follow its suggestions to refactor the code and verify the fix."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Resolving Issues](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/issues/) – Guide on using SonarQube’s suggestions to resolve code issues.
    - [Baeldung: Fixing Code Issues with SonarQube](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-fix-code-issues) – Tutorial on implementing SonarQube’s improvement recommendations.

## Shot 7
- **Learning Items**: Video, Reading
- **Learning Item Title**: Key Takeaways
- **Video Format**: Slides
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Summarize SonarQube's code quality benefits
- **High-level Description**: Bullet point summary of module learnings
- **Est. Time**: 1 minute
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Summary slide with 3-5 key points about SonarQube analysis: "Key takeaways: SonarQube improves code quality, automates analysis, and prioritizes issues for efficient development."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Benefits of Code Quality](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/introduction/why-sonarqube/) – Overview of SonarQube’s benefits for code quality.
    - [DZone: Why Use SonarQube for Code Quality](https://dzone.com/articles/why-sonarqube-for-code-quality) – Article summarizing the advantages of using SonarQube.

## Shot 8
- **Learning Items**: Video
- **Learning Item Title**: Module Transition
- **Video Format**: Talking Head
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Connect to next learning module
- **High-level Description**: Presenter wrap-up and transition
- **Est. Time**: 0.5 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Presenter on camera concluding module and introducing next topic: "That wraps up our SonarQube module. Next, we’ll explore integrating SonarQube with CI/CD pipelines."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: CI/CD Integration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/ci-integration/) – Introduction to the next module’s topic, focusing on CI/CD integration.
    - [Baeldung: SonarQube in CI/CD Pipelines](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-ci-cd) – Article previewing how SonarQube integrates with continuous integration workflows.

## Write Output >

| **Learning Items** | **Learning Item Title** | **Video Format** | **Aligned Learning Objective** | **High-level Description** | **Est. Time** | **Link to Reading/Video Script** |
|--------------------|-------------------------|------------------|--------------------------------|----------------------------|---------------|----------------------------------|
| Intro, Video | **Introduction to SonarQube Analysis**<br>SonarQube is introduced as a tool for continuous code quality inspection. Learners will understand its purpose and core features for identifying code issues early. | Slides | Understand the purpose of SonarQube for code quality analysis. | Title slide introducing the SonarQube analysis module. | 1 min | **Video Script**: Slide titled 'Analyzing Code with SonarQube' with voiceover: "Welcome to the SonarQube Analysis module. SonarQube is an open-source platform for continuous code quality inspection, helping developers identify and fix code issues early."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Introduction](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/)<br>- [Baeldung: Getting Started](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube) |
| Video | **SonarQube Interface Overview**<br>This lesson explores the SonarQube dashboard, focusing on key components like the project overview and issues tab. Learners will see how to navigate the platform effectively. | Screensharing Video | Navigate the SonarQube dashboard and analysis sections. | Live demonstration of SonarQube's main interface components. | 2 min | **Video Script**: Screen recording highlighting code analysis section: "Here’s the SonarQube dashboard. We’ll explore the project overview, issues tab, and code analysis metrics to understand how to navigate the platform."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: User Guide](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/)<br>- [DZone: Dashboard](https://dzone.com/articles/sonarqube-a-tool-for-static-code-analysis) |
| Video, Hands-on Learning | **Code Analysis Example**<br>A Java code snippet is analyzed to demonstrate SonarQube’s capabilities. Learners will observe how issues like code smells and vulnerabilities are flagged. | Screensharing Video | Apply SonarQube analysis to real Java code. | Practical demonstration analyzing a Java code snippet. | 3 min | **Video Script**: Screen capture of Java code: "Let’s analyze this Java code snippet. SonarQube flags issues like code smells and vulnerabilities, and we’ll walk through the analysis results."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Analyzing Code](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/)<br>- [Baeldung: Java Analysis](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-java-static-code-analysis) |
| Video, Hands-on Learning | **Running Code Analysis**<br>This lesson walks through initiating a full code scan, showing project configuration and progress indicators. Learners will practice starting an analysis. | Screensharing Video | Execute a full code analysis scan. | Step-by-step demonstration initiating an analysis. | 2 min | **Video Script**: Screen recording of analysis execution: "We’ll initiate a full code scan by configuring the project and running the analysis. Watch the progress indicators as SonarQube processes the code."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Running Analysis](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/)<br>- [Medium: Running Scans](https://medium.com/@sonarqube/sonarqube-scanning-your-codebase-123456789) |
| Video, Reading | **Interpreting Results**<br>Learners will review the analysis results dashboard, focusing on issue severity levels (critical, major, minor). The lesson teaches how to prioritize fixes based on impact. | Screensharing Video | Evaluate and prioritize code issues. | Reviewing the analysis results dashboard. | 3 min | **Video Script**: Screen capture of results dashboard: "This is the results dashboard. We’ll review issue severity levels—critical, major, minor—and prioritize fixes based on impact."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Results](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/metric-definitions/)<br>- [DZone: Reports](https://dzone.com/articles/sonarqube-reports-and-metrics) |
| Video, Hands-on Learning | **Issue Resolution Guidance**<br>This lesson dives into a specific code issue, applying SonarQube’s suggestions to refactor and verify fixes. Learners will practice implementing improvements. | Screensharing Video | Implement SonarQube's improvement suggestions. | Deep dive into specific code issues and fixes. | 3 min | **Video Script**: Highlighted code sections: "Here’s a code smell flagged by SonarQube. We’ll follow its suggestions to refactor the code and verify the fix."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Resolving Issues](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/issues/)<br>- [Baeldung: Fixing Issues](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-fix-code-issues) |
| Video, Reading | **Key Takeaways**<br>A summary of the module highlights SonarQube’s role in improving code quality and automating analysis. Learners will review the main benefits and takeaways. | Slides | Summarize SonarQube's code quality benefits. | Bullet point summary of module learnings. | 1 min | **Video Script**: Summary slide: "Key takeaways: SonarQube improves code quality, automates analysis, and prioritizes issues for efficient development."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Benefits](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/introduction/why-sonarqube/)<br>- [DZone: Why SonarQube](https://dzone.com/articles/why-sonarqube-for-code-quality) |
| Video | **Module Transition**<br>The presenter concludes the module and introduces the next topic on integrating SonarQube with CI/CD pipelines. Learners will prepare for the upcoming module. | Talking Head | Connect to next learning module. | Presenter wrap-up and transition. | 0.5 min | **Video Script**: Presenter on camera: "That wraps up our SonarQube module. Next, we’ll explore integrating SonarQube with CI/CD pipelines."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: CI/CD](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/ci-integration/)<br>- [Baeldung: CI/CD](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-ci-cd) |

Commit message:

Align reading links with lesson objectives in shot list

8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.14.3_lesson3_shot_list.md, after:

# Learning objective 2

```yaml
learning_modules:
  - module: "Introduction to Project"
    learning_items:
      - type: "Intro"
        title: "Course Overview and Objectives"
        description: "Brief introduction to the course structure, learning outcomes, and how to navigate the materials. Sets expectations for what learners will achieve."
        video_format: "Talking Head"
        learning_objective: "Understand the course structure and what skills they'll develop."
        time_estimate: "3 min"
        resources:
          - type: "Reading"
            url: "https://example.com/open-source-learning-article"
          - type: "Script"
            url: "https://example.com/video-script-1"

      - type: "Video"
        title: "Core Concepts Demonstration"
        description: "Screen-sharing walkthrough of key concepts in the actual codebase. Shows real-world application of the theory."
        video_format: "Screensharing Video"
        learning_objective: "Recognize how theoretical concepts appear in practical implementations."
        time_estimate: "5 min"
        resources:
          - type: "Reading"
            url: "https://example.com/open-source-code-examples"
          - type: "Script"
            url: "https://example.com/video-script-2"

  - module: "Hands-on Practice"
    learning_items:
      - type: "Hands-on Learning"
        title: "Interactive Code Exercise"
        description: "Guided coding challenge using the project's actual codebase. Learners will modify existing code to achieve specific outcomes."
        video_format: "Screensharing Video"
        learning_objective: "Apply concepts by making meaningful changes to real code."
        time_estimate: "20 min"
        resources:
          - type: "Reading"
            url: "https://example.com/open-source-coding-challenges"

- update :  rephrase the Learning item title for impact and clarity
- update :  no recap video needed
- update :  rephrase title for impact and clarity which is a high level description
- update :  Handson Learnings are not videos but assignments
- update :  Link to reading to be alligned with the lesson objective

```

## Markdown Output >

# SonarQube Learning Module

## Shot 1
- **Learning Items**: Intro, Video
- **Learning Item Title**: Introduction to SonarQube Analysis
- **Video Format**: Slides
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Understand the purpose of SonarQube for code quality analysis
- **High-level Description**: Title slide introducing the SonarQube analysis module
- **Est. Time**: 1 minute
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Slide titled 'Analyzing Code with SonarQube' with presenter voiceover: "Welcome to the SonarQube Analysis module. SonarQube is an open-source platform for continuous code quality inspection, helping developers identify and fix code issues early."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Introduction to SonarQube](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/) – Official documentation explaining SonarQube’s purpose and core features.
    - [Baeldung: Getting Started with SonarQube](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube) – A beginner-friendly article on SonarQube’s role in code quality analysis.

## Shot 2
- **Learning Items**: Video
- **Learning Item Title**: SonarQube Interface Overview
- **Video Format**: Screensharing Video
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Navigate the SonarQube dashboard and analysis sections
- **High-level Description**: Live demonstration of SonarQube's main interface components
- **Est. Time**: 2 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Screen recording highlighting code analysis section with explanation of workflow: "Here’s the SonarQube dashboard. We’ll explore the project overview, issues tab, and code analysis metrics to understand how to navigate the platform."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: User Guide – Interface Overview](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/) – Detailed guide on navigating the SonarQube interface.
    - [DZone: Exploring SonarQube’s Dashboard](https://dzone.com/articles/sonarqube-a-tool-for-static-code-analysis) – Article covering key interface components and their functionalities.

## Shot 3
- **Learning Items**: Video, Hands-on Learning
- **Learning Item Title**: Code Analysis Example
- **Video Format**: Screensharing Video
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Apply SonarQube analysis to real Java code
- **High-level Description**: Practical demonstration analyzing a Java code snippet
- **Est. Time**: 3 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Screen capture of Java code in SonarQube with voice explanation of analysis process: "Let’s analyze this Java code snippet. SonarQube flags issues like code smells and vulnerabilities, and we’ll walk through the analysis results."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Analyzing Source Code](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/) – Official guide on how SonarQube analyzes code, with examples.
    - [Baeldung: SonarQube Java Analysis](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-java-static-code-analysis) – Tutorial on analyzing Java code with SonarQube, including practical examples.

## Shot 4
- **Learning Items**: Video, Hands-on Learning
- **Learning Item Title**: Running Code Analysis
- **Video Format**: Screensharing Video
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Execute a full code analysis scan
- **High-level Description**: Step-by-step demonstration initiating an analysis
- **Est. Time**: 2 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Screen recording showing analysis execution with progress indicators: "We’ll initiate a full code scan by configuring the project and running the analysis. Watch the progress indicators as SonarQube processes the code."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Running Analysis](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/) – Step-by-step guide to executing a code analysis scan.
    - [Medium: Setting Up and Running SonarQube Scans](https://medium.com/@sonarqube/sonarqube-scanning-your-codebase-123456789) – Article on configuring and running SonarQube scans (open-access Medium post).

## Shot 5
- **Learning Items**: Video, Reading
- **Learning Item Title**: Interpreting Results
- **Video Format**: Screensharing Video
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Evaluate and prioritize code issues
- **High-level Description**: Reviewing the analysis results dashboard
- **Est. Time**: 3 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Screen capture of results dashboard explaining severity levels and issue types: "This is the results dashboard. We’ll review issue severity levels—critical, major, minor—and prioritize fixes based on impact."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Understanding Analysis Results](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/metric-definitions/) – Guide to interpreting SonarQube’s analysis metrics and issue types.
    - [DZone: Making Sense of SonarQube Reports](https://dzone.com/articles/sonarqube-reports-and-metrics) – Article on evaluating and prioritizing code issues in SonarQube.

## Shot 6
- **Learning Items**: Video, Hands-on Learning
- **Learning Item Title**: Issue Resolution Guidance
- **Video Format**: Screensharing Video
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Implement SonarQube's improvement suggestions
- **High-level Description**: Deep dive into specific code issues and fixes
- **Est. Time**: 3 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Highlighted problematic code sections with SonarQube’s improvement tips: "Here’s a code smell flagged by SonarQube. We’ll follow its suggestions to refactor the code and verify the fix."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Resolving Issues](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/issues/) – Guide on using SonarQube’s suggestions to resolve code issues.
    - [Baeldung: Fixing Code Issues with SonarQube](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-fix-code-issues) – Tutorial on implementing SonarQube’s improvement recommendations.

## Shot 7
- **Learning Items**: Video, Reading
- **Learning Item Title**: Key Takeaways
- **Video Format**: Slides
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Summarize SonarQube's code quality benefits
- **High-level Description**: Bullet point summary of module learnings
- **Est. Time**: 1 minute
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Summary slide with 3-5 key points about SonarQube analysis: "Key takeaways: SonarQube improves code quality, automates analysis, and prioritizes issues for efficient development."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: Benefits of Code Quality](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/introduction/why-sonarqube/) – Overview of SonarQube’s benefits for code quality.
    - [DZone: Why Use SonarQube for Code Quality](https://dzone.com/articles/why-sonarqube-for-code-quality) – Article summarizing the advantages of using SonarQube.

## Shot 8
- **Learning Items**: Video
- **Learning Item Title**: Module Transition
- **Video Format**: Talking Head
- **Aligned Learning Objective**: Connect to next learning module
- **High-level Description**: Presenter wrap-up and transition
- **Est. Time**: 0.5 minutes
- **Link to Reading/Video Script**:
  - **Video Script**: Presenter on camera concluding module and introducing next topic: "That wraps up our SonarQube module. Next, we’ll explore integrating SonarQube with CI/CD pipelines."
  - **Open-Source Reading**:
    - [SonarQube Documentation: CI/CD Integration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/ci-integration/) – Introduction to the next module’s topic, focusing on CI/CD integration.
    - [Baeldung: SonarQube in CI/CD Pipelines](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-ci-cd) – Article previewing how SonarQube integrates with continuous integration workflows.

## Write Output >

| **Learning Items** | **Learning Item Title** | **Video Format** | **Aligned Learning Objective** | **High-level Description** | **Est. Time** | **Link to Reading/Video Script** |
|--------------------|-------------------------|------------------|--------------------------------|----------------------------|---------------|----------------------------------|
| Intro, Video | **Introduction to SonarQube Analysis**<br>SonarQube is introduced as a tool for continuous code quality inspection. Learners will understand its purpose and core features for identifying code issues early. | Slides | Understand the purpose of SonarQube for code quality analysis. | Title slide introducing the SonarQube analysis module. | 1 min | **Video Script**: Slide titled 'Analyzing Code with SonarQube' with voiceover: "Welcome to the SonarQube Analysis module. SonarQube is an open-source platform for continuous code quality inspection, helping developers identify and fix code issues early."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Introduction](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/)<br>- [Baeldung: Getting Started](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube) |
| Video | **SonarQube Interface Overview**<br>This lesson explores the SonarQube dashboard, focusing on key components like the project overview and issues tab. Learners will see how to navigate the platform effectively. | Screensharing Video | Navigate the SonarQube dashboard and analysis sections. | Live demonstration of SonarQube's main interface components. | 2 min | **Video Script**: Screen recording highlighting code analysis section: "Here’s the SonarQube dashboard. We’ll explore the project overview, issues tab, and code analysis metrics to understand how to navigate the platform."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: User Guide](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/)<br>- [DZone: Dashboard](https://dzone.com/articles/sonarqube-a-tool-for-static-code-analysis) |
| Video, Hands-on Learning | **Code Analysis Example**<br>A Java code snippet is analyzed to demonstrate SonarQube’s capabilities. Learners will observe how issues like code smells and vulnerabilities are flagged. | Screensharing Video | Apply SonarQube analysis to real Java code. | Practical demonstration analyzing a Java code snippet. | 3 min | **Video Script**: Screen capture of Java code: "Let’s analyze this Java code snippet. SonarQube flags issues like code smells and vulnerabilities, and we’ll walk through the analysis results."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Analyzing Code](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/)<br>- [Baeldung: Java Analysis](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-java-static-code-analysis) |
| Video, Hands-on Learning | **Running Code Analysis**<br>This lesson walks through initiating a full code scan, showing project configuration and progress indicators. Learners will practice starting an analysis. | Screensharing Video | Execute a full code analysis scan. | Step-by-step demonstration initiating an analysis. | 2 min | **Video Script**: Screen recording of analysis execution: "We’ll initiate a full code scan by configuring the project and running the analysis. Watch the progress indicators as SonarQube processes the code."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Running Analysis](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/)<br>- [Medium: Running Scans](https://medium.com/@sonarqube/sonarqube-scanning-your-codebase-123456789) |
| Video, Reading | **Interpreting Results**<br>Learners will review the analysis results dashboard, focusing on issue severity levels (critical, major, minor). The lesson teaches how to prioritize fixes based on impact. | Screensharing Video | Evaluate and prioritize code issues. | Reviewing the analysis results dashboard. | 3 min | **Video Script**: Screen capture of results dashboard: "This is the results dashboard. We’ll review issue severity levels—critical, major, minor—and prioritize fixes based on impact."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Results](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/metric-definitions/)<br>- [DZone: Reports](https://dzone.com/articles/sonarqube-reports-and-metrics) |
| Video, Hands-on Learning | **Issue Resolution Guidance**<br>This lesson dives into a specific code issue, applying SonarQube’s suggestions to refactor and verify fixes. Learners will practice implementing improvements. | Screensharing Video | Implement SonarQube's improvement suggestions. | Deep dive into specific code issues and fixes. | 3 min | **Video Script**: Highlighted code sections: "Here’s a code smell flagged by SonarQube. We’ll follow its suggestions to refactor the code and verify the fix."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Resolving Issues](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/issues/)<br>- [Baeldung: Fixing Issues](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-fix-code-issues) |
| Video, Reading | **Key Takeaways**<br>A summary of the module highlights SonarQube’s role in improving code quality and automating analysis. Learners will review the main benefits and takeaways. | Slides | Summarize SonarQube's code quality benefits. | Bullet point summary of module learnings. | 1 min | **Video Script**: Summary slide: "Key takeaways: SonarQube improves code quality, automates analysis, and prioritizes issues for efficient development."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: Benefits](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/introduction/why-sonarqube/)<br>- [DZone: Why SonarQube](https://dzone.com/articles/why-sonarqube-for-code-quality) |
| Video | **Module Transition**<br>The presenter concludes the module and introduces the next topic on integrating SonarQube with CI/CD pipelines. Learners will prepare for the upcoming module. | Talking Head | Connect to next learning module. | Presenter wrap-up and transition. | 0.5 min | **Video Script**: Presenter on camera: "That wraps up our SonarQube module. Next, we’ll explore integrating SonarQube with CI/CD pipelines."<br>**Reading**: <br>- [SonarQube Docs: CI/CD](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/ci-integration/)<br>- [Baeldung: CI/CD](https://www.baeldung.com/sonarqube-ci-cd) |
