8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.14.2_Lesson2_Plan.md, before:

# Lesson Plan

```yaml
overview:
  title: "Mastering SonarQube for Code Quality and Security"
  objective: "Equip learners with skills to configure and utilize SonarQube for continuous code inspection and vulnerability management."
  description: |
    This lesson introduces SonarQube, covering setup, integration with CI/CD pipelines, 
    and analysis of code quality metrics. Learners will explore practical applications 
    through hands-on exercises, focusing on identifying vulnerabilities and optimizing 
    development workflows.

duration_and_content:
  total_duration: "15 minutes"
  videos:
    - title: "Integration for the pipelines"
      duration: "5 minutes"
    - title: "Trigger a change"
      duration: "5 minutes"
    - title: "Notify the technical debt to stakeholders"
      duration: "5 minutes"

prompt: |
  "Design a lesson plan for a SonarQube course, including a title, objective, and description.
  In 100 words, outline the lesson's focus on configuring SonarQube, integrating it with CI/CD pipelines,
  and analyzing code quality metrics to ensure continuous inspection and security."

- update:  lessons obtive to have clarity and coherence

```

## Markdown Output >

# Lesson Plan

- **Overview:**  
  ### **Title of the Lesson:**  
  Mastering SonarQube for Code Quality and Security with CI/CD

  ### **Lesson Objective:**  
  Equip learners with skills to configure and utilize SonarQube for continuous code inspection and vulnerability management.

  ### **Description:**  
  This lesson introduces SonarQube, covering setup, integration with CI/CD pipelines, and analysis of code quality metrics. Learners will explore practical applications through hands-on exercises, focusing on identifying vulnerabilities and optimizing development workflows.

### **Duration and Content:**  
  
  Lesson is 15 minutes  
  Consists of 3 x 5-minute videos:  
  - **Video 1**: Integration for the agent  
  - **Video 2**: Considerations Cost,Editor,Career
  - **Video 3**: Changes and Fixes with AI

Commit message:

unique title in the lesson plan

8_Packing/1_outline/8.1.14.2_Lesson2_Plan.md, after:

# Lesson Plan

```yaml
overview:
  title: "Mastering SonarQube for Code Quality and Security"
  objective: "Equip learners with skills to configure and utilize SonarQube for continuous code inspection and vulnerability management."
  description: |
    This lesson introduces SonarQube, covering setup, integration with CI/CD pipelines, 
    and analysis of code quality metrics. Learners will explore practical applications 
    through hands-on exercises, focusing on identifying vulnerabilities and optimizing 
    development workflows.

duration_and_content:
  total_duration: "15 minutes"
  videos:
    - title: "Integration for the pipelines"
      duration: "5 minutes"
    - title: "Trigger a change"
      duration: "5 minutes"
    - title: "Notify the technical debt to stakeholders"
      duration: "5 minutes"

prompt: |
  "Design a lesson plan for a SonarQube course, including a title, objective, and description.
  In 100 words, outline the lesson's focus on configuring SonarQube, integrating it with CI/CD pipelines,
  and analyzing code quality metrics to ensure continuous inspection and security."

- update:  lessons obtive to have clarity and coherence
- update:  lesson descriptions should be unique in the codebase

```

## Markdown Output >

# Lesson Plan

- **Overview:**  
  ### **Title of the Lesson:**  
  Mastering SonarQube for Code Quality and Security with CI/CD

  ### **Lesson Objective:**  
  Equip learners with skills to configure and utilize SonarQube for continuous code inspection and vulnerability management.

  ### **Description:**  
  This lesson introduces SonarQube, covering setup, integration with CI/CD pipelines, and analysis of code quality metrics. Learners will explore practical applications through hands-on exercises, focusing on identifying vulnerabilities and optimizing development workflows.

### **Duration and Content:**  
  
  Lesson is 15 minutes  
  Consists of 3 x 5-minute videos:  
  - **Video 1**: Integration for the agent  
  - **Video 2**: Considerations Cost,Editor,Career
  - **Video 3**: Changes and Fixes with AI
