8_Packing/2_scripts/generator/3_script_rules.md, before:

# Script Rules for the sections

## 1 Hook 
- Use a problem statement and make it engagin to write the hook maximum 60 words.

## 2 Overview
- Start with  "In this video we would learn"

## 3 Learning Objective
- Start with "By the end of this video," 
- List Key results after the "By the end of this video," in blooms taxonomy words you would recognize,understand, analyse and apply
  
## 4 Transition Sentence
- Make it connecting flow like a bridge to the content 
- Starts with phares like "Let's"

## 5 Pointers 
- Should be at two maximum 3 levels
- Mention what would be demostrated
- Focus on visualisation 

## 6 Summary 
- In a conversational story telling tone 
- Start with "To summarize,we learned in this video"
  
## 7 Outline needs to be mapped 
- Use this outline.md file 
- Video titles should match the outline.md file video titles 
  
## 8 IVQ
- One question at the end of the every video 
- Question related to the content in this codebase from the video []
- Write a question
- Give 4 answers
- Mark one as answer
- Write why that one is the answer
- Why others are not the correct answer

## 9 Graded Question 
- At the end of every lesson 
- Questions related to the content in this codebase from the learning objective []
- 10 questions 
- Give 4 answers
- Mark one as answer
- Write why that one is the answer
- Why others are not the correct answer
  
## 10

Commit message:

Refine 3_script_rules.md by updating section titles for clarity and enhancing content structure. Changed "Script Rules for the sections" to "Script Rules for the Script By Sections" and added specific guidelines for IVQ and Graded Questions to align with Bloom's taxonomy. Introduced a new section for Hands On Learning to improve lesson engagement.

8_Packing/2_scripts/generator/3_script_rules.md, after:

# Script Rules for the Script By Sections

## 1 Hook 
- Use a problem statement and make it engagin to write the hook maximum 60 words.

## 2 Overview
- Start with  "In this video we would learn"

## 3 Learning Objective
- Start with "By the end of this video," 
- List Key results after the "By the end of this video," in blooms taxonomy words you would recognize,understand, analyse and apply
  
## 4 Transition Sentence
- Make it connecting flow like a bridge to the content 
- Starts with phares like "Let's"

## 5 Pointers 
- Should be at two maximum 3 levels
- Mention what would be demostrated
- Focus on visualisation 

## 6 Summary 
- In a conversational story telling tone 
- Start with "To summarize,we learned in this video"
  
## 7 Outline needs to be mapped 
- Use this outline.md file 
- Video titles should match the outline.md file video titles 
  
## 8 IVQ
- One question at the end of the every video 
- Question related to the content in this codebase from the video []
- Questions would map to the blooms recognize and understand level questions
- Write a question
- Give 4 answers
- Mark one as answer
- Write why that one is the answer
- Why others are not the correct answer

## 9 Graded Question 
- At the end of every lesson 
- Questions related to the content in this codebase from the learning objective []
- Questions would map to the blooms higher level apply and analyse/evaluate level questions
- 10 questions 
- Give 4 answers
- Mark one as answer
- Write why that one is the answer
- Why others are not the correct answer
  
## 10 HOL Hands On Learning 
- Write it at the end of every lesson 
- It should only take 20 minutes
- Relate it to the content in learning objective [X]
- Start with "Now it is your turn to perform"
